Initial draft of Projects and Project Details (#3022)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/projects/project-details/index.mdx

---
title: Project Details
sidebar_order: 1
description: "View the combination of errors, performance, and health of your project in one central place."
---

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

The **Project Details** page provides a consolidated view of what's going on in your project. This page is useful if you have oversight over many teams and many projects. You can also use this page to set up [Alerting](/product/alerts-notifications/) or delve into the Issue stream to [triage an issue](#triage).

After selecting the time range (the default is the last 14 days), you can view:

> - Crash fresh [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Crash free [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session)
```

Author: 🤦 thanks

---
title: Project Details
sidebar_order: 1
description: "View the combination of errors, performance, and health of your project in one central place."
---

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

The **Project Details** page provides a consolidated view of what's going on in your project. This page is useful if you have oversight over many teams and many projects. You can also use this page to set up [Alerting](/product/alerts-notifications/) or delve into the Issue stream to [triage an issue](#triage).

![Project Detail](project-detail.png)

After selecting the time range (the default is the last 14 days), the top three cards display:

- Crash free [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session)
- Number of releases
- [Apdex](/product/performance/metrics/#apdex)

> If you have selected one of the predefined time ranges (excluding Last 90 days) you can also see how these numbers have changed since the last period.

Author: ```suggestion
Select one of the predefined time ranges (excluding `Last 90 days`) to view the change in these numbers since the last period.
```

> In the two graphs below the cards you can view:

Author: ```suggestion
The two graphs below the cards provide insight into:
```

- Crash free [sessions](/product/releases/health/#session)
- [Apdex](/product/performance/metrics/#apdex)
- [Failure rate](/product/performance/metrics/#failure-rate)
- [Transactions per minute](/product/performance/metrics/#throughput-total-tpm-tps)
- Daily errors
- Daily transactions

> Toggle the **Display** to change the view. You can click on the graph legend to show/hide overlay of releases and previous period.

Author: ```suggestion
Toggle the **Display** to change the view. You can click on the graph legend to show or hide the overlay of releases and previous period.
```

## Alerting

You can use the Project Details page to access Sentry's alerting feature. Click the **Create Alert** button at the top right to set up either an [Issue Alert](/product/alerts-notifications/issue-alerts/) or a [Metric Alert](/product/alerts-notifications/metric-alerts/). In the **Latest Alerts** section of the sidebar you can see the three latest triggered alerts. Click on one of them to go to Alert Details page. The selected time range does not affect the displayed alerts.

## Releases

> You can use the Project Details page to assess how often you release new versions of your application. See how many releases you did compared to the previous period in the top card, see the release lines overlayed on top of graphs and see the latest five releases in the **Latest Releases** section of the sidebar. You can click one of them to navigate to Release Details page. The selected time range does not affect the displayed releases.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the Project Details page to assess how often you release new versions of your application:

- Number of releases compared to the previous period in the top card
- Release lines overlaid on top of graphs
- Most recent five releases in the **Latest Releases** section of the sidebar. You can click one of these to navigate to the [Release Details](/product/releases/health/release-details/) page. The selected time range does not affect the displayed releases.
```
